So we need to keep on talking about our favorite
Oh, okay, so it's in Patricia, right? Patricia.
guacam... And guacamole.
Okay.
Oh.
Oh...
Avocado.
Um. My favorite?
a outside of... um. I was gonna
I was gonna say. I was gonna say
Hamburger, but I was going to say like American...
hamburgers and a barbeque but then after hamburgers and a barbeque
but Yeah, but I think after...
Like thinking about it, probably Mexican might be one of my favorites so...
Yeah. I go for the, I go for the Chimichanga.
Yeah. Fried burrito. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's, it's very healthy.
Aaah. But I heard a friend um, she had it at the tree.
set and then she went back to New York and she couldn't find it.
So I think it might be really old.
Oh, really?
Oh.
Aaah...
that makes sense. that's true.
adding more fried. Frying them is easy. Ohhh...
ah. steak.... steak and barbecue.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, that's true. Once in a like, once is a while is perfect.
Yeah, that's true, that's true. How you gonna cook it.
Aah...
back to asian food...
mmh
prime rib is good. um...
medium. oh...
Uh...
Ummm...
Aahhh...
Uh. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't think so either.
Uh...
Oh.
Yeah.
menu
Meat flavored butter.
Wagyu. Uh, uh, uh, uh uh. That's true.
Fake.
Just straight for steak. Uh...
mmh
Horseradish. Ohhhh.
Uh...
With my steak? I think it's mostly... Yeah. salt,
pepper, and garlic. I think I love garlic so much.
I love garlic so much.
Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm.
Um....
I think we haven't had it too recently
But I think we might have it more at home overall than outside.
Yeah, yeah. Oh, outside.
Oh...
and inside.
Uh...
Oh...
Mainly outside. Oh...
Ooh.